genre: dungeon romper

credits

undersun
st forest
hyrule field theme nicklegends
i only wish espilan
"Dragons of light and darkness"

mooshs npc script
moving platform by Mero
enemy returner by justin

shane treasure chest tiles





Memory
Multi-tasking
Knowledge
Patience
Attention
Problem-solving
Organization
This dungeon has one of the 3 thingies you need to get to the 4th area. Can already get it after the first dungeon but is required after the third dungeon.

Fear Factory Cloud Fortress robot item, introduction - it talks to you
Laser puzzles like blocks 5 etc
You deactivate the death laser machine and then go fight the boss (crazy owner of the fortress) who wanted to use it to destroy the world because he is crazy

In a cave in a deadend 4 pots 1 sign, 1 prize 3 "something bad will happen"

The order-cave downstairs puzzles: 4 octorocks order and a maze-path

Enchanted forest glowing mystery mushrooms that send out a hintlight when hit by sword

Eon Ruins like Water Pyramid first screen

Witch hut, she has one of the thingies you need for the 4th area. Tells you about something she would like to have that existed in the past.

Past bombable wall not marked hcp

The paralysing horror isnt encountered in person by link until after level 3. then link finds out the elder has been kidnapped.
then the paralysing horrors come and steal links sword (because of its power of light)

On top of the tower of darkness link finds the dragon of darkness k.o. and the paralysing horrors have aquired the dark power.
Link must defeat them and then same thing like tower of light.




//"There's a theory that if someone is ever able to 

//[...]. We've
//Doesnt finish the sentence. Next time he doesnt even start it.

//If you truly love something, you can make anything happen. Let your dreams become real and give your hopes a meaning.

//My brother... my poor brother was a young child when they first came. It was cold. Nobody could move. My brother was crying.
//They took him. I wish I could have saved him then, but maybe it's not too late! Please, find my brother.

//With every meeting, a parting is sure to follow.





Items

A: Bow and Arrows - Link has this from the beginning
A: Magic Leaf - Nival Shrine
P: Bomb Bag - At the end of the Ice Cavern.
A: Clawshot - Eon Ruins
A: Shadow Amulet - In the Gloomrone Village
A: Motu's Bell - Skeleton Pit
P: Ladder - From goron elder
A: Robot - Cloud Fortress

Magic leaf requires magic to shoot a whirlwind that pushes enemies, items and bombs until they hit a solid object.
Also removes snow. Can push projectile of a (mini)boss to kill him. Also pushes flying prisms in eon ruins.

Clawshot is used to grapple onto certain objects and grab items from afar. Also (steals an item from enemies?) and stuns them.
Also pulls flying prisms.

Motu's Bell turns Link into a skeleton. Drains magic in skeleton form. Can talk with other skeletons and swim over lava. (more)
As skeleton Link is immune to damage, so getting hit takes magic instead. Press A to swing a bone, B to throw a bone,
R to turn back into Link.

Robot is controllable and flies over pits, water, lava. Can use push-beam to push blocks. (more)
It teleports out and back into links inventory after pressing R while controlling it or leaving the screen.
A as robot shoots a laser beam. B switches control between robot and Link.

10 Shells Foriver Town - Small Shield
5 Shells Hyrule Field - Hylia Shield
3 Shells Snowfall Mountain - Heartworth Ring
10 Shells Nival Shrine - 
3 Shells Enchanted Forest Present - 
10 Shells Eon Ruins - 
5 Shells Gloomrone Village - 
10 Shells Skeleton Pit - 
10 Shells Cloud Fortress - 




Enemies

Barrier Stone
Is tied to another enemy. Appears somewhere when the other enemy would receive damage and shields it.
Disappears when the other enemy isn't being attacked for a bit. Eon Ruins

Ropes poison Link slowing him down. Snake zischen touch sfx. After 2 seconds the poison explodes dealing damage.

Stalfos that fall into bones that have no collision and are only destroyed by bomb.





intro town
get to know zelda
mayor quest done -> home
night
triforce halls dungeon
zelda is different
story
back to home
uncle tells link zelda is missing and tommy went searching for her
begin quest

The final enemy is Corz, the heart of light and darkness. His ultimate goal is to get rid of life to restore nature's perfect balance.
Long ago 3 legendary heroes have defeated him and shattered him into 2 pieces. (light and darkness)
They did not know that 2 of them sealed one part of the heart each and one sealed the key to its power into their own body.
Link is the descendant of the one who sealed the key.
Zelda is the descendant of the one who sealed the heart of light.
Dexter is the descendant of the one who sealed the heart of darkness.
Corz would be able to be revived if all 3 of them came together, but some more requirements are needed.
Zelda, who is being mind controlled by Corz, tells Link to get the dragon's powers and the 4 amulets. (this happens in the teaser quest)
Dexter is behind all the bad stuff that's been happening in the areas of the land.
Dexter is not really evil. His name is actually Dex. He and Zelda are being manipulated by Corz who wants to resurrect himself.
At the end Dex is really sorry and wants Link to kill him because he thinks that he is to blame for everything.
But Link and Zelda accept him as a friend, just like their 3 hero ancestors were friends.

Zelda says Link needs the power of the dragons, but when getting the power say the power is dangerous.


So link got the powers of light and darkness empowering his sword and uses the pendants to get back to the balance halls.
Zelda telepathically tells Link to come to the chamber. She is kept hostage by Dexter. The Balance Halls appear to be the final dungeon.
In the chamber Dexter tells Link all the things he did and that he has a plan and now wants to kill Link.
After Link beat Dexter Zelda interferes. Zeldas and Dexters plan succeeds. The key inside Link reveals Corz from Zelda and Dexter.
The balance halls explode and Link ends up in the Chaos Realm.
The dragons come and tell Link that the alternate realm and the real world are becoming one. Our enemy is Corz the heart of light and darkness.
Descendants, revived, etc. Now find Corz and defeat it. The actual final dungeon starts.



12 hearts max
Start with 3
Nival Shrine, Eon Ruins, Skeleton Pit, Cloud Fortress, 4 hearts
Get 5 with heart pieces: 4*5=20 hcps

1 hcp first minigame
1 hcp foriver shop
1 hcp cave with order-puzzles
4 hcps in the 4 main dungeons





____Script information____

Placed Flag 98: Block trigger
Inherent Flag 99: Door
Placed Flag 99: Prevent sidewarp overwrite

Screen Flag
General Use 1: Prevent the enemy returner script

Screen->D[7]: Used for enemy returner script

Item->Misc[]
15: in leafwind

EWeapons->Misc[]
3-15: used by ghost.zh

Enemy->Misc[]
8: in leafwind for autoghosted enemies
9-14: MAYBE used by ghost.zh
15: used by ghost.zh

Link->Misc[]
0: Link HP before cutscenes