---Floor generation---

Floor size is 5x5
Place filler blocks randomly near the 4 corners.
From start, create the main path to the boss which tries to be 13 tiles, but be satisfied with 12.
Remove the filler blocks.
For 20 times pick a random main path tile other than the boss and try to create a side path of 3 tiles.
If failed, try the same thing 50 times with 2 tiles. If failed again, be satisfied with 1. (Chance to skip the 3 or 2 tiles tries altogether, based on floor)
Place a treasure at the end of that path.
Now repeat the procedure for a second side path with another treasure.
For 20 times pick a random room tile other than boss or treasure and try to create a side path of 2 tiles.
If failed, be satisfied with 1.
Place a shop at the end of that path.
For 50 times pick a random room tile other than boss or treasure and try creating a side room.
Create the final unplaced rooms, connecting them to random rooms other than boss.
Done.
Place 3-4 events on main path, 2-3 events on side paths.
The rest becomes enemy rooms.
Make screens
Determine big treasure chests content.
Create a passive item table with random order.





---Room layout types---

Main path (1-13)
Side path

---Room content types---

Start room
Boss room (boss marker)
Enemy room (red marker)
Event room (blue marker)
Treasure room (gold marker)
Shop room (white marker)





---Rules---

Start with 30 HP, 30 MP and 30 rupees. +5 max HP after each boss.

Permadeath

Can sense whats in adjacent unexplored rooms.

Map gets revealed as you traverse the floor.

Small chests contain consumables, big chests contain passive items.

2 treasure rooms per floor, which contain a big chest as a reward for a fight.

A shop per floor. After leaving a shop, it will disappear.

Full heal after a bossfight. Must continue to next floor after a boss.







---CHARACTERS---

---Link, the Legendary Hero---

Passives:
Shield blocks small projectiles from the front.
Start each fight with 3 defense.

A: Sword attack
B: Shoot arrow
R: Change arrow type (normal->fire->ice)

---Nayru, the Oracle of Ages---

Passives:
Opens a portal after 30 seconds in a fight.
It can be used to skip the fight at the cost of 1 HP. Also skips rewards.

A: Fire an orb for a short distance. It then stays in place. Also moves all orbs in the same way. When more than 20 remove the first.
B: Nayrus love. Take no damage for 5 seconds (10 sec CD)
R: Freezes enemies for 5 seconds. (20 sec CD) 

---Zee, the Shadow Ninja---

Passives:
Has 20% increased movespeed.
Has a shadow clone following his steps.

A: Throw a shuriken. Shadow clones throw shuriken too.
B: Place up to 2 warp swords, then be able to warp between them.
R: Dash and become invincible for a short time, leaving behind a shadow clone (20 sec CD)

---Calor, the Flame Enchanter---

Passives:
Nearby enemies passively take damage.
When enemies die, they shoot flames at their nearest enemy.

A:
B:
R:

---Lorelle, the Gambler---

Passives:
Can pick a card at the start of a fight.

A:
B:
R:

---Novus, the Fairy Spirit---

Passives:
Can extract passive items to gain power. Can only carry 5 passive items.

A: Shoot 4 projectiles, alternating between 4-way and diagonal.
B:
R:

---Gale, the Eye of the Storm---

Passives:
Enemies drop energy to fill up a meter. When full, can unleash super whirlwind attacks.

A: Shoot a tornado.
B: Shoot 3 tornadoes.
R: Place 5 circling tornadoes.








---ITEMS---

---Useable items---

1 Health potion:
Restore 10 HP.

2 Power potion:
Gain 5 attack power for 10 seconds and restore 5 HP.

3 Magic potion:
Gain unlimited MP for 10 seconds and gain 1 max MP.

4 Metal plate:
Gain 5 defense, that lasts until you leave the room.

5 Lightning bomb:
Deal 40 damage to all enemies.

6 Bubbled poison:
Fill the room with poison that deals 40 damage over 20 seconds to all enemies.



---Passive items----

(companion) (cant see waves left) (cant sense adjacent rooms)
(fluctuating power) (item attacks you)
(double damage)
(something with defend maybe fireshield (+power)) (+ power pro rupees)

1 Map:
Reveals the layout of the dungeon.

2 Compass:
Shows big treasures and boss locations. Makes a sound in rooms with chests.

3 Dangerous wallet:
Gain 60 rupees whenever you enter a shop. Lose 1 HP for every purchase.

4 Deluxe card:
Shop items cost 20% less.

5 Genie lamp:
The genie can grant you a wish at the start of a fight. Only works 3 times.

6 Bottled fairy:
If you would die, restore 50% HP and remove this item.

7 Magic lantern:
Create damaging flames around you when your MP falls below 10.

8 Lucky medal:
30% chance to restore 3 HP at the start of each fight.

9 Lightning ring:
Every 10 seconds a random enemy gets hit by 30 damage.

10 Linked Damage:
Whenever you damage an enemy all other enemies lose 3 HP.

11 Item magnet:
+3 max HP. Attract dropped items.

12 Wondrous pyramid:
Link - Include light arrows to your selection.
Nayru - 
Zee - 
Calor - 
Norelle - 
Novus - 
Gale - 

13 Shell of tributes:
+8 max MP. +5 attack power. Lose 1 HP every time you enter a new room.

14 Cursed heart container:
+5 max HP. Bosses start with 50 more HP.

15 Peril pendant
+5 attack power while you are under 50% health.



---Events---

(quests, minigames (collect stars))
(leave money or life/health potion or heart container (3rd floor))

-Shopkiller-
The shopkeeper on this floor gets killed, 






---Active sub---

Floor #
Big chests found:
Shop found:
Seed:




---Scriptstuff used---

LW_SCRIPT1:
Misc 0 = special type
Misc 1 = special type var
Misc 15 = deadtimer

LW_SCRIPT2:
Misc 0 = deadtimer
Misc 14 = damage number type (0 = normal, 1 = player)
Misc 15 = damage number (-1000 = defended)

EW_SCRIPT1:
Misc 0 = special type
